hello and welcome to this
video today I show you like bmw three
can stretch with the advantage
agility and with it I have the
masks and snipes at youtube
I put you in the channel
description take a look at her
channels on these really well and now
Let's go first how do you get mw3
that's easy you go on your
library and then you look completely normal
that yes, play with everyone here and all
continue and then here I still have mp3
not bought you can see here it goes
also with the purchased version so you
You can also go in front of the gate but I know
not what should bring
well anyway you go then
all players on tools and gives
just a call of duty so come on
Do a nice job here
the call of duty modern warfare 3
delicate server package on features
and change the language in english that
is very important because otherwise you can
So do not use a class editor
Just download the tool
and then automatically the three of
multiplayer mitinstalliert so then you can
Make a copy of your folder
in folders you can find under programs
86 come under the us team apps and there
this folder i have one
Security copy made if I yes
still want to start something with the w3
or what did not work out then
I have this here and here now
this folder so how do i get that
now
then he goes first download
I'll crack the crack and do it
the description of the evil 5 appears
these are two files and he pulls
then in your mw3 folder just pure
draw as I have already made
and if a few you still have an error
comes then creates a dw folder
just dw nothing just purely simple
dw yes and then you can start then
you have to deal with an account
log in
he gets this account on the ford
delta one point net page by being
just put on registered and there
you want to register with it
and starts in w3 with the
launch iw 5m client so i start
I do not know if you see
maybe, maybe not
yes well then start with me and her
you just click on servers then
you can play on servers
you can only play on servers you
can not make private matches or
other yes then I say bye
goodbye and if you
liked or worked
thumbs up
yes and then I show my foot and up
meet again